Website About us Bios
Grant Sakinofsky Founder/Director
Grant grew up in South Africa and having lived and worked in England, the USA and
now Canada has several qualifications across industries from all four countries.
He is also currently on the board of directors for a Canadian non-profit.
Having been a national age group Champion in Springboard diving, a provincial
Gymnast and Rock climber among many other academic achievements.
Through over 35 years of work experience I haven’t just existed in each country, he
excelled.
Having worked since the age of 8, he graduated from school at 17 and with savings
earned, moved over to England where he became one of the youngest foreigners in
British history to become a licensee before the Supreme court in London.
He did a lot more after returning to SA, but then in 2019 he had the opportunity to live
and work in the USA where he got licensed in real estate and formed Smooth Migration.
In 2022 he moved to Canada and got licensed in BC in real estate as well, with an
additional real estate qualification from University of British Columbia, being one of the
only non-US and non-Canadian citizen to currently hold both licenses.

Erin Copeland – Operations Manager – North America
A veteran of the relocation process who has lived and worked in seven countries.
formerly Science and Biology teacher with a strong background in logistics,
organization, and communication.
With an established online tutoring company with clients in serval countries. With a
teaching qualification University of Waterloo in Canada and a Master’s in Education
from Griffith University in Australia
Christian Harmbeck – Operations Manager – Southern Africa

Having lived and worked in several countries himself as well as being fluent in three
languages and being a driven business leader with a 25+ years record of scaling
profitable companies and achieving successful exits across the hospitality and retail
sectors. Globally certified business and executive coach, skilled in empowering teams
and business owners to excel. Versatile business generalists are adept at systemizing
workflows and creating independent, self-sustaining operations. Strong relationship
builders, fostering robust customer relations and positive company cultures. Passionate
about driving organizational success through empowered teams, streamlined
processes, and industry-specific knowledge

Robert Wood – Operations Manager – United Kingdom
Originally from Australia and having lived in four countries, Robert has been based out
of the United Kingdom for over 20 years working across several industries in both
England and Scotland, with a focus on customer facing roles.
Along with some time living in Italy providing ongoing business support to locally based
business there.
Over two decades experience in Hospitality, New Business Development, and Customer
Relations.
Robert is highly skilled in customer relations and an experienced marketing
professional, who brings his own unique flair to the company.